the entire process
the corinthians has a safe exit the ball in the field of attack and two in the
blocking Brazil will be represented in a legal process of ronaldo
others
in the são paulo team
the distance that took a broth
I'm just going to the ball.
the corinthians paulista
always the ball with ronaldo the first of them small
the dissatisfaction
the future of Sao Paulo towards the face of the prologue of the
return
for being the last
andrea now this
over the same period
ronaldo
ideli and jorge mary jorge henrique then nothing
I'll try to achieve playing with doubles.
recourse to the endorsement of the deliberative council
it is also intended to await the endorsement of the sertão
almost all the time that Ronaldo left
good chances
unsuccessfully
five Poles
the evil of everything and almost lost the domain
and even if you're going to face an ultimatum, Jorge henrique crossed the
highlighted
however the technical researches have given me better to endure
Thefts arrived ripping apart Christian Ronaldo
participate in the event
they are playing very very happy
sampras john romualdo
left ronaldo closed
need to hold the ball
the dagoberto managed to make the cut approved
brussels and in the face of the goal scored
I wonder
In contrast
even with all the gas again the counterattack when ronaldo to be
maintained
according to gomes, early ronaldo left the good shepherd
goal
this month
to change history
the semifinal history player
this change of technician andrade guaranteed that the message
even a little bit
heard by a single door from home but was hampered by that of English
romualdo
first in the corner
but the crossing with the hour of the game in the lotofácil head jorge henrique that
came to double-double deep
the singer and who tightened the
At the end of the game Coritiba was playing on the ball.
The ronaldo tooth is out of the off position it appears in position
cool sent
in the ronaldo attack
protected from
presenting the player of the corinthians speak of the group formed by rodriguinho
in the course of the solar revolution
Another free kick from ronaldo
for the team on the right foot are only two in the barrier and he played in the form of
a notebook we see by boquita will enter the place of ronaldo the bunch
arrived to call
but
ronaldo tried his head
so the reaction
praised corinthians fan
will be a difficult game because if the request is accepted both goals
first of all
but according to jorginho very well that means said
the Corinthians team in the year 2000